issue 5463 - Clarify Hibernate ORM property setting in prod (#5469)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/hibernate-orm.adoc

./mvnw compile quarkus:dev -Dquarkus.profile=dev-with-data
--

== Hibernate ORM in production mode

Quarkus comes with default profiles (`dev`, `test` and `prod`).
And you can add your own custom profiles to describe various environments (`staging`, `prod-us`, etc).

> The Hibernate ORM Quarkus extensions sets some defaults differently in dev and test modes than in other environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hibernate ORM Quarkus extension sets some default configurations differently in dev and test modes than in other environments.
```

Author: Applied, thanks
